The things that I like to do most, well, right now that I'm in Japan,
I love eating ramen, that's number one on my list. I love it. Ice cream
is pretty good too. So, eating. Going to Yakitori, Yakiniku, these
are, like, little barbecue places that, you know, you grow the food
there. So, eating is pretty high on the list. Because in Japan, they
don't have all of the things that I'm used to in America, then I
kind of, just kind of hang out by myself, go to bars, obviously talking
with friends and I play video games a lot while I'm here. So, that's,
kind of like, the way that I pass my time. Back in the states,
I like to play basketball and I like to shoot archery, that's one
of the things that I love to do and study, it's something that's I spend
most my time with but actually enjoy. It's enjoyable because my
major is making games. So, making games is something, it's, kind of,
fun. Yes, I'm studying, yes, it's my future career but I think I will
be doing this even if I wasn't getting a degree or anything just
because it's fun.